c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.pdb
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\CreateOneNotePage_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.g.resources
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.pdb
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Live.Controls.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Live.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\da\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\el\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\en\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\en-gb\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\fi\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\hu\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\id\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\ms\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\nb-no\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\nl\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\pt-br\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\pt-pt\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\sv\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\zh-cn\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\Bin\Debug\zh-tw\Microsoft.Live.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CreateOneNotePage\CreateOneNotePage\obj\Debug\CreateOneNotePage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
